Long go, there lived  little boy nmed Smmy. He ws  good boy. He ws good in his studies, obedient to his prents, more intelligent thn mny other boys in his clss nd kind to everyone. Grown-ups s well s those junior to Smmy loved him very much. But tht roused jelousy in mny other boys who longed to be s loved s Smmy.
Now there ws nother boy nmed Timmy who studied in the sme clss s Smmy. Unlike Smmy, he ws not good t studies nd lwys liked to ply during school hours. He misbehved with his prents, bullied his clssmtes nd even ill-treted Smmy. He lwys tried to put Smmy down nd belittled him before other kids in the clss. But no mtter wht he did, Smmy's grdes kept getting better nd better. Whether in studies or in sports or from his clssmtes, Smmy kept getting ccoldes from everywhere.
On his eighth birthdy, Smmy got  nice pen s  gift from his prents. He brought it to school so tht he could use it to tke down the notes of the lectures tht the techers gve in clss. This ws  very beutiful pen nd it could help one write very fst. When Timmy sw it, he ws very jelous of Smmy. He sked Smmy,
"Hey, where did you get tht? Did you buy it?"
"My prents gve it s  birthdy gift to me." replied Smmy.
Timmy ws overwhelmed with nger nd jelousy. The bd boy tht he ws, he rrely got ny present from his prents. He decided to stel Smmy's pen. During recess, when everyone hd gone out from the clss, Timmy opened Smmy's bg nd took out his pen. Then he hid it inside his bg nd went out to hve his tiffin.
When Smmy cme bck nd could not find his pen, he informed his clss techer bout it. There ws  hunt for the missing pen nd the clss techer ordered the clss monitor to serch the bg of every children inside the clss. The missing pen ws soon found out of Timmy's bg nd the furious techer sked the errnt boy,
"Now Timmy, wht do you hve to sy bout it?"
Timmy ws in ters. He hd nothing to sy.
When Smmy sw Timmy cry, he took pity on the boy. The kind boy tht he ws, he hd no ill-feeling ginst his clssmte. He requested his clss techer not to tke ny ction ginst Timmy, now tht his stolen pen ws found.
This opened Timmy's eyes. He could now see wht  good boy Smmy ws. He sked for forgiveness from his techer nd Smmy. From tht dy, he becme friends with Smmy nd grdully chnged himself to be s good s Smmy. Everyone begn to love Timmy nd Smmy ws proud of his new friend.
Despite being hurt by Timmy, Smmy gve him bck only love in return. This is how we should lso tret our enemies. Who knows? One dy, our behviour my just chnge themselves for the better.
Morl: Do not hrm someone even if he hrms you. Be good to ll.